# Pratama Indomitra Informations
> Pratama Indomitra Konsultan a.k.a “Pratama Indomitra” or PIK (abv.) was established on 15 March 2010. Pratama Indomitra provided clients, both corporation and individual, with the professional tax-related services. This professional tax services are provided due to the fact that Pratama Indomitra’s founder, Mr. Prianto Budi S., was a Tax Auditor at Directorate General of Taxes and a professional consultant holding the C level certificate of tax consultant, and a postgraduate student at University of Indonesia majoring the administration science.
## History
Established on March 15th, 2010 when the CEO decided to start his own tax consulting company. The CEO, Mr. Prianto Budi S., was a former tax auditor at Directorate General of Taxes. At the beginning, PIK only provided with professional tax services. Later, in line with the growth of Pratama Indomitra Konsultan, they also provide another services such as accounting and tax training/seminar. Later, PIK affiliated business relationship with Russell Bedford for several years. And now, are currently a member of Kreston International.
- 2010. The Company started their business and affiliated with Russell Bedford.
2012. August 9th, Good Corporate Governance (GCG) service added as company’s new line of services, as well as the company started to sell line of books in taxation. The addition of those new business line made the company to create new division, GCG Division and Publishing Division.
- 2016. The company ended  business relationship with Russell Bedford International and started new affiliation with Kreston International, a global network of independent accounting firms.
- 2017. The company added new division and started to provide the transfer pricing documentation service to meet clients’ need of the service. The issuance of new regulation of Finance Minister No. 213/PMK.03/2016 dated on 30 December 2016 concerning “the types of documents and/or additional information that must be kept by Taxpayer conducting transactions with related parties, and their management procedures” gave an impact towards the tax issue. All the Taxpayers who have a special relationship and perform the related party transaction are obliged to prepare Transfer Pricing Documentation. As a tax consulting firm, this situation automatically affected the demand of the company’s service.
